hey guys in d-major 724 here today and
I'm gonna be doing an eighth outfit
video today so for all of you guys who
celebrate from with honor her of Muslim
even bark um she likes ID and yeah I'm
just gonna do my like what I wore and
I'm just gonna say that I didn't wear
anything too fancy just because um like
I already came back I just came back
from eighth prayer and like all of I
guess my parents like friends like our
friend group you know um of like
Pakistani and Indian families we're all
going to a restaurant just like chill
out and eat and stuff um and I might do
a vlog there I don't know yeah I have to
like ask my friends if they're
comfortable with that first and then
yeah so I didn't want anything to a
fancy because we're going to a
restaurant and I don't want to be like
like a decked out you know so um yeah
this is what I'm right okay oh also for
excess or for jewelry or whatever I'm
wearing the ring I always wear I'm
wearing these really pretty like bow
earrings they're little bows or like a
ton of rhinestones a little pearl in the
middle which is so pretty
and then I like curl my hair last night
but I slept on it and it just kind of
got a little bit like loose and stuff
but it's okay I was wearing a hijab
anyways so it didn't really matter but
um yeah so it's this blue color and it
has some like silver like detailing all
over it it's more of a teal it's coming
out really blue but it's actually more
of a teal color um yeah and it just has
some like detailing right there
and then it goes pretty long and then
the UM it's a heirloom ah it's like a
churidhar like the tight pants at the
bottom and it just looks like that so
back and then I'll show you the shoes I
wore um I wore these shoes are super
cute they look like this they're these
like heels that are actually really
comfy um and they're like reptile print
they're really cute and comfortable and
I actually got these from and Taylor and
they're really nice because this part is
like Italian leather so it's really
really nice
and they make me look taller which is
always great since I am so short
looks like I'm tall right now but yeah
so so if they look like yeah so that's
it I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and I'll talk to you guys later bye